# Hard Fork Release Date, Branch Management, Validator Issues, PR Merges, and Community Communication
`Hard Fork` `Branch Management` `Validator Issues` 

---
## ⏰ Meeting Information
* Date & Time:  2024-06-13 08:49:23

## 📝 Meeting Notes
1. **Hard Fork Release Date**
    Discussion on the potential release date for the hard fork, initially set for the 25th. Considerations include the possibility of releasing earlier and the necessary steps to ensure a smooth release.
    > The release date is tentatively set for the 25th, with a possibility of moving it to the 20th or 21st.
2. **Branch Management**
    Discussion on the use of separate branches for hotfixes to avoid merge conflicts. The main hotfix branch will be used temporarily for hotfixes that do not follow the normal release process.
    > The hotfix will be used on a separate branch, and changes will be merged into the main branch later.
3. **Validator and Boot Node Issues**
    Concerns about validators restarting and not having peers could lead to network instability. The boot node issue was discussed, including the need for stable P2P configurations.
    > More time before the hard fork will be given to address potential issues and ensure validators do not rush the upgrade.
4. **PRs and Merges**
    Discussion on the necessary PRs and merges required for the hard fork. Specific PRs were mentioned, including Constantine's PR and Diego's PR.
    > All necessary PRs should be merged by tomorrow, and updates to DevNet, TestNet, and possibly MainNet will follow.
5. **Community Communication**
    There is a need to communicate with the community about the upcoming hard fork and the potential issues that may arise.
    > A heads-up will be given to the community on Friday about the upcoming release.
6. **Pending Delegation Visibility**
    Discussion on the visibility of pending delegations in the staking platform and BlockScout.
    > Users can see pending delegations on the staking platform, but adding this feature to BlockScout would require additional development.
7. **Multi-Sig Control Transfer**
    Mention transferring controls to a multi-sig created by one of the team members.
    > The multi-sig control transfer has been completed.
8. **Option Contracts**
    Brief mention of forking and modifying option contracts with a specific framework.
    > The framework for option contracts has been forked and modified per the requirements.
## 📅 Next Arrangements
- [ ] Merge all necessary PRs by tomorrow.
- [ ] Update DevNet, TestNet, and possibly MainNet over the weekend.
- [ ] Give a heads-up to the community on Friday about the upcoming release.
- [ ] Target the hard fork release for the 20th or 21st.
