# Weekly Protocol Sync Meeting
`Crosslink` `Boot Node` `Service File` 

---
## ⏰ Meeting Information
* Date & Time:  2024-05-16 07:37:25
## 📝 Meeting Notes
### 1. Troubleshooting Boot Node Issues
* **Crosslink and Boot Node Issue**
    Konstantin has a PR related to the crosslink and has tried several steps to fix the boot node issue. The issue seems to be linked to the boot node and corroborated by others.
* **libP2P Issues**
    The boot node issue is believed to be from the lower layer of libP2P, which has many unresolved issues. The team has tried updating dependencies and the Go version, but the problem persists.
* **QUIC Protocol**
    The team tested the QUIC protocol but found that it was not being used. Disabling the QUIC protocol did not resolve the issue.
* **Transporters and Connection Manager**
    Various transporters and the connection manager were tested and disabled, but the issue with the boot node remains.
* **Firewall and Logs**
    Disabling the firewall and low-level logs was tested but did not resolve the issue.
* **DHT File**
    The team tried refreshing, clearing, backing up, and restoring the DHT file, but the issue persisted.
* **Load and Metrics**
    The team discussed adding metrics to the libP2P layer to understand the load and connections better. They suspect that high connectivity might be triggering the issue.
* **Connection Limits**
    The team considered limiting the number of connections to the boot node to see if it stabilizes the node.
* **Testing on Different Providers**
    The team discussed testing the boot node on a different provider like AWS to rule out any provider-specific issues.
### 2. Technical issues and configurations related to crosslink validation and service file settings.
* **Service File Configuration on Ubuntu**
    Discussion about the service file configuration for the boot node running on Ubuntu. The focus was on ensuring the restart configurations are correct and confirming if other triggers besides failure might be causing restarts.
* **Issues with Crosslink Validation**
    Konstantin discussed three issues: using the current committer to sign, forcing crosslinks due to no new blocks, and outdated thresholds. He mentioned fixes for the first two issues and ongoing work on the third.
* **Pending Crosslink Processing**
    Discussion about pending crosslinks not being processed during the snapshot DB restoration to mainnet. Diego wrote code to delete old crosslinks that were supposedly processed.
* **Signaling of Crosslinks**
    Discussion on why Konstantin updated the signaling of crosslinks from shard zero to other shards in his PR. There was confusion about whether shard zero had processed the crosslinks.
* **Committee Signatures**
    Discussion about the committee signatures and the use of different committees for sending and receiving messages. There was confusion about which signature was being referred to.
* **Crosslink Heartbeat Signal**
    Discussion about the crosslink heartbeat signal function and whether crosslinks from shard one were added to blocks in shard zero. The issue of outdated thresholds preventing new crosslinks was also discussed.
> **Conclusion**
> 1. Soph confirmed the configurations are correct but will double-check to ensure no other triggers are causing restarts.
> 2. First two issues are fixed; work on the third issue is ongoing.
> 3. Konstantin will check the code and confirm the changes.
> 4. Konstantin will link the specific part of the code for clarification.
> 5. The code needs to be updated across the network to fix the threshold issue.
### 3. Technical Updates and Future Plans
* **Pull Request Review**
    Discussion about a pull request (PR) that fixes two issues, with a third issue still being worked on. Emphasis on updating the PR to fix a critical bug.
* **Testnet and Partner Network**
    Discussion about adding code for the testnet and partner network to handle future issues when restoring testnet-shut1.
* **Process Costing Heartbeat Message**
    Review of the process costing heartbeat message and understanding its functionality.
* **Boot Nodes and Pull Requests**
    Adam mentioned he is reviewing pull requests and monitoring progress on boot nodes. He is also working on a summary document.
* **Testnet Explorer and Mainnet**
    Discussion about the testnet explorer running on Blockscout and plans for Mainnet. Expected to have a first version for Mainnet in the next two weeks.
* **Blockscan and SHARD1**
    Discussion about Blockscan adding support for SHARD1 and the need for the code to be open source.
* **Open Source Requirement**
    Discussion about the challenge of getting the code to be open source, which is a requirement.
## 📅 Next Arrangements
1. [ ] Test the boot node on a different provider like AWS.
2. [ ] Add metrics to the libP2P layer to understand the load and connections better.
3. [ ] Limit the number of connections to the boot node to see if it stabilizes the node.
4. [ ] Soph will double-check the service file configurations.
5. [ ] Konstantin will check the code and confirm the changes related to crosslink signaling.
6. [ ] Konstantin will link the specific part of the code for committee signatures clarification.
