# Weekly Protocol Sync Meeting
`Quarterly Report` `HIP32 Update` `Crosslink Issue`

---
## ⏰ Meeting Information
* Date:  2024-05-02

## 📝 Meeting Notes

### 1. Technical Meeting on Project Updates, Issues, and Solutions
* **Quarterly Report and Upcoming Tasks**
    Completing the quarterly report and working on reporting tasks for the upcoming months, specifically for Stephen.
* **HIP32 Update**
    Discussion on the progress of HIP32, with an emphasis on getting updates from everyone to push the project forward.
* **Crosslink Issue**
    Addressed the ongoing crosslink issue, noting that while the network has been restored, crosslink transactions still have problems.
* **Decentralization and Validator Issues**
    Concerns were raised about the decentralization process and the ejection of external validators due to issues with cross links in the staking protocol.
* **StreamSync and DevNet Issues**
    Discussion on the operational issues with StreamSync on DevNet, particularly with syncing and the restoration of Dev Shard1.
* **Rate Limiter and Connection Issues**
    Exploration of whether the rate limiter's delay could be causing connection issues during block downloads.
* **Database Syncing and RPC/gRPC**
    Investigation into database syncing issues and confirmation that both RPC and gRPC use the same database layer for operations.
### 2. Technical Discussion on Deployment, Syncing Issues, and Development Tasks
* **Deployment**
    The discussion was about deploying a merged PR to see how it works, with a commitment to do the deployment the following day.
* **Syncing Issue**
    The team encountered a syncing issue with shard 1 and shard 0, which was temporarily resolved by restarting both shards before the validators.
* **Blockchain Features for JaneForce Game**
    Focusing on developing blockchain features for the JaneForce game and is available for reviewing PRs.
* **Contract Deployment Issue**
    We faced issues deploying contracts for local debugging and discovered an outdated starter kit in Harmony's repository, planning to update it.
> **Conclusion**
> 1. The issue is suspected to be related to consensus, but logs need to be checked for a detailed understanding.
> 2. It was suggested to collaborate with another team member, Rika, who has been working on similar tasks to avoid duplicating efforts.
## 📅 Next Arrangements
1. [ ] Further investigation into the cross-link issue.
2. [ ] Testing the impact of rate limiter adjustments.
3. [ ] Pushing updates to tech nodes after merging PRs.
